README.md, before:

# Calculating as many decimals of number pi as possible

To be fair, this was an idea that I had when I was a Physics undergraduate: how did all this brainiacs to come up with decimals of number pi. It is a project that touches a lot of computer programming logic, functions and memory management in Python.
As part of the creation of this code, a library to operate with big numbers was created. Its intended purpose may vary.

**05-May-2017**: It is intended in the future to treat this big numbers as a class on its own. For now (Patch 1), they are considered lists, where the index defines uniquely its decimal position (with 0 meaning integer).

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
In the most up-to-date version (Patch 1), there is no need for any library to be preinstalled to run this code. Used an IDE with Python version 2.7.11 as a compiler.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md] for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

Entirely my own (Alvaro Duran).

### Acknowledgments

Leonhard Euler ;)

Commit message:

Patch 2
New BigNo class and functions associated

README.md, after:

# Calculating as many decimals of number pi as possible

To be fair, this was an idea that I had when I was a Physics undergraduate: how did all this brainiacs to come up with decimals of number pi. It is a project that touches a lot of computer programming logic, functions and memory management in Python.
As part of the creation of this code, a library to operate with big numbers was created. Its intended purpose may vary.

**05-May-2017**: It is intended in the future to treat this big numbers as a class on its own. For now (Patch 1), they are considered lists, where the index defines uniquely its decimal position (with 0 meaning integer).

**01-Jun-2017**: BigNo class and associated functions (sum,product,division) were added (Patch 2).

## Getting started

### Prerequisites
In the most up-to-date version (Patch 2), there is no need for any library to be preinstalled to run this code. Used an IDE with Python version 2.7.11 as a compiler.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md] for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

Entirely my own (Alvaro Duran).

### Acknowledgments

Leonhard Euler ;)
